can we see me can we hear me
always always the first order of
business before we even say hello
because there have been times I've tried
to say hello and could not be heard
or seen
so this is why
we are always paranoid
this is uh land gen today
even though I believe we just dropped
way with Shannon the burial mounds so
it's gonna be
it's gonna be a lot more way we're
standing
hello
awesome can be seen can be heard
yeah yeah we did we had just pushed
ushan into the burial mounds
and that was was that the end of a
chapter it was it was the end of the
chapter we're at um chapter 13.
called ill winds which
we all know
we all know what that means
and like I feel like possibly might be
an understatement actually
given everything that we know if we know
it but anyway now that I know that I can
be thinking that I can be seen and heard
I'm Brittany
this is lanjan and welcome to gay watch
where we watch gay Things We are
continuing volume 3 today and as we just
said we are at the top of episode
episode we are at the top of chapter 13
where we Shan gets shoved into the
burial mounds so it's real it's real
good times around here uh
we weren't crying at all in the previous
episode people didn't die in the
previous
episode
um no it was all really really happy
times and so this is the the first turn
into darkness
absolutely
what chapter 13 is Paige
165 and we like to give people a couple
of minutes so they can get the
notification that gay watch is live and
come on in if they feel like it
so in the meantime there are a couple
things that I always say I have seen the
Untamed I have not read this book so
this is more of a reading reaction
situation as opposed to any kind of
audiobook or like sane reading of the
thing
and
is there anything else
not today
we uh it's pardon me
that would be another thing to mention
I have an asthmatic cough right now
so uh I try to keep it as far away from
the microphone as possible but it's just
just kind of how it goes
until I can afford to get an inhaler so
my apologies for the coughing but it
cannot it cannot be avoided
so let's oh no I have a window up that
lets me see absolutely nothing about
what's going on and that's dangerous
the last time I trusted a live stream it
ended in tears and pain
so
I don't know if you heard that
but there are distinct sounds of my cat
making trouble in the kitchen he has
been climbing all over it today
he was on the bar
and then he was on the little side thing
that we have next to the oven
and he's just he's just been everywhere
today and I can't go grab him right now
so hopefully he just lays down which is
what he likes to do gets into places he
doesn't belong and then he just chills
for hours
and then you walk out and you catch him
and he's asleep he could give [__] that
he's doing something wrong
oh all right
page 165 beginning of chapter 13 called
ill wins
weibusin just been shoved
into the burial mounds
and um a good time is about to be had by
all
yes no
Maybe
this book doesn't get terribly dark from
what I hear so I think we're safe
hmm
rang Wing Zhao
screamed as she sat bolt upright in bed
oh
When Chow who had been in the middle of
reading a letter slapped the tabletop
furiously
what are you howling about again in the
middle of the night
still badly shaken Wang Ling Zhao gasped
for breath I I dreamed of that way guy I
dreamed of him again
it's been over three months since I
threw him into the burial mounds When
Chow said why why do you still dream
about him it's been so many times
interesting wait a second
wait a minute
that is awesome that they Flash Forward
three months
and you don't get the download is it
they pull a similar thing in the show
it's been a few months since I've done a
re-watch is that exactly how it plays
out in the show
I don't think they tell you I think they
give you a little bit more of an
inclination as to like
the deep pit that way we shine was
pushed into but
oh no that's good that's mysterious
that's mysterious that's threatening
that's menacing that
the rise of dark ocean is one of my
favorite bits
I don't know why either I just keep
dreaming about him lately wiggling Xiao
replied the letter had already left when
chow upset he didn't have time to pay
attention to her and wasn't in the mood
to hold and comfort her as he had in the
past
then don't sleep he snapped in patiently
she got out of bed and threw herself at
the table where when chow sat when gang
XI I
think about it the more scared I am I
wonder did we make a make a steak could
he survive being thrown into the burial
mounds would he when child's temples
throbbed incessantly how is that
possible how many cultivators has our
clan sent to their death in the burial
mounds have any of them ever returned
after being tossed in there he's
probably already a stinking rotten
corpse
it's scary even if he's dead Wang Ling
Zhao exclaimed if he turned into a
malicious ghost like he said he would
and came back for us as she spoke they
both remembered weighing space and
expression when he plummeted that day
simultaneously they shuddered When Chow
immediately refuted her concerns it's
not possible even if he's dead The Souls
of those who die in the burial mounds
are imprisoned here don't scare yourself
can't you see I'm stressed right now
he crumpled the intelligence reporting
his hand into a ball and flung it away
what sunshot campaign he said
rancorously Son shot my ass they want to
shoot the sun down keep dreaming
when you have stood up and cautiously
poured him a cup of tea after
deliberating over some ingratiating
words she began to fawn over him
those other clans can only run rampant
for so long SEC leader Wen will
immediately Shut Up When Chow cursed
what the hell do you know get out don't
bother me
aggrieved and a little bitter Wang Ling
Zhao sat down the teacup fixed her hair
and Gauze robe and walked out with a
smile on her lip as soon as she stepped
out the smile fell away and she peeled
open the wad of paper in her hands she'd
secretly picked up the letter when chow
had tossed away wanting to see exactly
what news had put him in such a temper
she couldn't recognize many words but
after flipping the paper back and forth
for a bit finally fumbled through the
gist of it when Shu the eldest son of
SEC leader Wen and eldest brother of Wen
Chao had been beheaded by one of the
clan heads leading the Revolt his head
was then mounted on the battlefield as a
battlefield as a display of Might
oh
Wang Ling Zhao was stunned
the land clan of gusu had been burned
down the janklin of young mung had been
annihilated and countless other families
big and small were being persecuted in
various ways
it wasn't the voices of resistance
didn't exist just that they had always
been quickly quelled by the one clan of
duchenne
that was why they hadn't taken it
seriously three months ago when the four
clans of Jin knee Lan and Jing
formed an alliance and revolted under
the banner of whatever they called it
the sunshot campaign or something
SEC leader when had spoken then of the
four Clans the drink land of Lan Ling
was the fence sitter only deciding to
join the alliance when they saw other
clans taking the initiative to March
March against the lens
if they suffered repeated defeats the
head of the Jin Clan would quickly
decide they were just bringing trouble
on themselves and double back to cling
to the one sex legs and cried for mercy
the head of the knee clan of chingya on
the other hand was too rigid and
therefore easy to break he couldn't
possibly last for long sooner or later
he would die at the hands of one of his
own without needing anyone else to take
action ooh
pardon me
the land clan of gusu had been burned to
the ground Len Chichen having saved the
contents of the library Pavilion had
returned to become the head of the
family when he was merely a junior
unable to shoulder any significant
responsibility
you know you had already you had already
kind of underestimated uh Ming Zhu right
in the previous paragraph but now we're
out here fully underestimating
lechen my husband no no no no no no see
this is why they [__] fail because
you don't well you never underestimate
your enemy first of all but then you at
least fundamentally learn enough not to
underestimate them
clearly clearly know nothing nothing
whatsoever
the most laughable of all was the Jang
clan of young mung with the entire sex
slaughtered or dispersed only Jang Chung
remained and he was even younger than
lanchi Chen he was a stinking brat still
wet behind the ears with no one under
him and he still dared call himself a
family head he'd raise the Jang sucked
Banner on a crusade against the winds
and recruited new sect disciples while
he was at it
yeah you know that guy who we completely
wrecked his home to the ground and
killed his parents and kind of took
everything from him we probably don't
need to worry about him mounting any
kind of meaningful defense under the
Flames of Vengeance or anything
probably not
of course this is Ling jow's head that
we're in right now and she's just
uh notoriously underwhelming in the
intelligence Department
in short these Clan's Ambitions were
unpromising and overconfident
everyone on the one side considered the
sunshot campaign a joke but three months
later the situation had not developed
the way they had anticipated hmm
it was one thing for strategic spots in
Wu
yanmang and the like to be rested from
their control but to think that even the
eldest son of SEC leader Wen had been
beheaded
Wang lingia stood with uneasiness in the
corridor for a while before returning to
her own room still unsettled her eye
kept twitching madly she rubbed it while
pressing a hand over her chest
contemplating her own exit route
she had been with one Chao for almost
half a year going by her account half a
year was as long as it took for one Chow
to go from being fond of a woman to
being bored of her I'm stunned
she'd initially thought she was special
that she could hold out to the very end
they all do sweetie
but when Chow's growing in patience of
late
had warned her she was no different from
the others you never are babe
biting her lip Wang Ling Zhao thought
for a moment then crouched to pull a
small chest from under the bed
this small chest contained all the
valuables and precious weapons she had
made into fleece for herself by every
means possible during the six months
she'd spent by Wen Chow's side the
valuables could be spent and the weapons
used for self-protection though she
hadn't wanted to accept it the day had
finally come
wanting to take inventory of how much
stuff she had she dug a small key from
her belt and opened the lock grumbling
scumbag greasy toad you're gonna die
sooner or later I'm only too glad to not
have to serve you anymore ah she fell
back and slumped to the ground
she had seen what was inside the chest
the very instant she opened it none of
the treasures she'd once cherished the
only thing huddled in the chest was a
ghastly pale child
shrieked with fright as she kicked out
both legs to retreat backward she always
kept this chest locked and kept the only
key on her at all times how could there
be a child inside
she barely even opened it once a month
how could she not know if a child was in
in there how could the child still be
alive
she kicked the chest over overturning it
so the bottom faced her for a long time
there was no movement
with shaking legs Wang Ling Zhao
clamored up off the ground she wanted to
get closer to take another look but
didn't dare to
there's a ghost a ghost she thought her
cultivation was extremely weak so if
there was a ghost she couldn't deal with
it on her own but it suddenly occurred
to her that this was the OverWatch
office there were talismans pasted
outside the main gate and on the
exterior of every room that would surely
protect her
rushing out she tore down the Talisman
outside her room and stuck it on her
chest
with a Talisman on her chest she was
more at ease
she tiptoed back into the room and found
a Garmin hook which she used to turn the
chest over from afar all her Treasures
were stacked neatly inside there was no
child at all
Wang Ling Zhao breathed a sigh of relief
she crouched down with the Garmin hook
in hand and was about to start taking
inventory when she suddenly noticed two
print Pricks of bright light under her
bed
it was a pair of eyes
speaking of favorite sequences in the
entire show
the pale child was lying under the bed
meeting her gaze
the eyes were bad enough in the show
okay
this was the third
this was the third time tonight that
when chow had heard Wang Ling Zhao
scream his Fury blazed higher and he
roared stupid [__] you're so jumpy
can't you give me a [__] break
the influx of aggravating news had
temporarily left him without time to
seek out new Beauties not to mention his
worry that those he did find would be
Shady unreliable assassins said by those
insignificant Clans
if it weren't for that as well as his
need for someone to warm his bed at all
times
I've long told that woman to scram
men make her shut up he bellowed no one
answered When Chow kicked a stool
sending it flying the Flames of his
anger blazed yet higher where the hell
is everyone
all of a sudden the door to his room was
flung open when chow snapped I told you
people to shut that [__] up not barge
in
the moment he turned his head the latter
half of his statement died in his throat
he saw a woman standing in the doorway
of his room
This Woman's facial features were all
crooked as if someone had smashed them
to pieces and then fitted them back
together
oh a line of description
both her eyeballs aimed in different
directions the left staring at a crooked
angle above and the right staring
crookedly below her face was contorted
beyond recognition
it took when chow a great deal of effort
to recognize her from her revealing
gauze robe it was Wang Ling Zhao Wei
Ling zhao's throat gurgled as she took
several steps closer to him and reached
out her hands help help save me
wenchow screamed and unsheathed his new
sword slashing at her get out get lost
his sword sunk into Wang Ling Joe's
shoulder and her features contorted even
more as she streaked oh it hurts ah
When Chow didn't even dare pull out his
sword he grabbed a stool and bashed her
with it shattering the stool wingling
Joe staggered and then kneeled
prostrating herself on the ground as if
she was Cowtown to someone her words
were incoherent as she mumbled and
sobbed I'm sorry I'm sorry spare me
spare me
and she count out as she kowtowed blood
flowed from her seven apertures she was
blocking the doorway so when chow could
not flee but only push open the window
and scream heart-rendingly when Julia
went Julia
on the ground Wang Ling Zhao had
snatched up a leg from the shattered
stool Chief frantically
stuffed it into her mouth laughing as
she did
okay okay I'll eat it I'll eat it
and just like that the section of the
stool leg was shoved
down her throat
couldn't have happened to a better
person
When Chow was scared out of his wits
just as he was about to jump out of the
window and flee he suddenly noticed
something in the courtyard there stood a
figure dressed in black Stark amidst the
Moonlight pooling on the ground a
[__] visual
ladies and gentlemen a [__] visual
scene break
we're at the bottom of page 171
meanwhile
Jang Chung was standing before a forest
when he sensed someone approach
he turned his head slightly the newcomer
was dressed in white and the tales of
his forehead ribbon fluttered behind him
with his hair he was exceedingly
handsome
and refined with the face as far as Jade
the Moonlight washed him in a soft glow
greeted him Cooley
with a solemn expression Lang Wang ji
nodded SEC leader Zhang neither of them
had anything more to say after
exchanging greetings
and so they set off on their swords in
Silence with the cultivators of their
respective sex following behind
two months ago the twin shades of land
and gen Chung had launched a surprise
raid on when Chow's education office to
seize the swords that had been
confiscated from the various Clans
disciples and returned to and returned
them to their rightful owners
it was only then that Sandhu and bichen
had been returned to them
wrong ji swept his light-colored eyes
over the other sword at Jing Chen's
waist and then looked away after a while
his eyes still forward he asked has way
Ying still not shown himself
that's your first question your first
question huh interesting just just
fascinating
cast him a glance as if curious why he
would suddenly ask about Wei Ying no he
glanced at Sweden
God I hope that's right it's probably
not I'm so sorry which hung at his waist
my people still haven't turned up any
news on him but he'll definitely come
looking for me when he returns when he
does I'll return his sword
not long after this exchange the two of
them and the cultivators they LED
arrived at the OverWatch office where
when chow was hiding preparing to launch
a nighttime raid they had yet to enter
when Len wangji's eyes hardened and
Zhang Chung frowned Yin energy
contaminated the air and resentment
flowed all around them but the talismans
on both sides of the door were perfectly
intact
gestured and the cultivators he'd
brought along scattered and crouched low
at the enclosing walls he branded Sandu
and the sword's chi assaulted the door
and broke it open before they entered
Land one G's gaze briefly swept over the
talismans on both sides of the door
frame inside the OverWatch office was an
incomparably horrific sight corpses were
strewn all over the courtyard but the
slaughter wasn't limited to that area
even the flowering shrubs the corridors
the wooden railings and the roofs were
littered with bodies
all the corpses were the blazing sun
uniform all were when disciples Zhang
Chung turned a corpse over with sendu
and saw the blood streaking its ghastly
pale face
bleeding from the seven apertures he
announced not this one lenwangji said
from the other end of the courtyard
Zhang Chung walked over and found a
corpse with both eyes rolled back into
its head its face was twisted beyond
recognition and yellow bile trickled
from its mouth this person had been
literally scared to death
one of his sect disciples said SEC
leader we have examined them all they're
all dead the causes of death are all
different
strangled burned drowned poisoned Frozen
throat slit sharp objects through the
brain once Jing Chung had listened to it
all he commented somberly
looks like some other creature helped us
accomplish our mission tonight
Len Wang ji said nothing but entered the
residential Wing first the door to wind
Chow's room was wide open only a
flimsily dressed female corpse remained
inside half a stool like jutted from her
gaping mouth
it seems she had attempted to force a
stool like down her throat and into her
stomach and died in the process
that's terrible that's just so tragic
Jing Chung turned The Corpse's distorted
face to inspect it he stared for a while
then sneered and grabbed the leg of the
stool to shove it hard into her mouth
thrusting in the remaining half that
still protruded yeah
he stood up eyes red he was just about
to speak when he saw land Wang ji
standing at the door deep in thought
with furrowed brows he walked over and
followed then Wang ji's line of sight
only to see a yellow Talisman with
Vermillion characters stuck on the door
at first glance there didn't seem to be
anything off about the Talisman but a
closer look showed some subtle but
extremely disconcerting details
extra Strokes Len Wang ji commented
jingxing's expression grew severe I knew
it
ever since they were 15 or 16 years old
they'd known how to draw this kind of
resonance protection Talisman by heart
among the Lively and vigorous Vermillion
flourishes on this Talisman were a few
additional Strokes
it was these few Strokes that changed
the pattern of the entire Talisman
looking at it now the Talisman stuck to
the door seemed to depict a person
sinisterly smiling face
they didn't find one shower when Julius
bodies at the OverWatch office
Jang Chung inferred that they must have
fled in the direction of chichan and
immediately LED his men to withdraw from
the abandoned office and pursue them via
sword flight however Lan Wang ji
returned to gusu First
the next day he caught up with Zheng
Chung and took out the Talisman from the
night before this Talisman has been
reversed
reversed Jing Jing repeated meaning
ordinary talismans repel evil Len Wang
XI replied this one attracts it
Jing Chung was astounded a Talisman that
attracts evil that's unheard of
indeed man Wang she said but tests show
that it has the ability to summon and
assemble things nefarious
took the Talisman and scrutinized it
just adding a few Strokes reverses the
function of the entire Talisman was this
done by a human a total of four strokes
were added drawn with human blood
lanwangji said every residence
protection Talisman at the OverWatch
office was altered the pattern of the
brush Strokes indicate it was done by
the same person
who could they possibly be Zhang Chung
wondered I've never heard of any
renowned cultivators capable of doing
such a thing then he added but no matter
who he is it's all good as long as his
goal is the same as ours to slaughter
every last Wen dog
following the Intel they'd received the
two headed northward in every area they
passed they heard locals gossiping about
strange corpses who had died violent
deaths these corpses were all dressed in
blazing sun uniforms all wine
cultivators all of them were of high
rank and had remarkable cultivation but
it still died died horribly and in a
horrifying variety of ways their corpses
left on display in crowded areas
do you think they were all killed by
that person
the evil Aura is intense Lan Wang Chi
replied it must be the work of the same
individual
snorted evil is there anyone eviler than
the wind dogs in this world
they maintain their Pursuit until late
Into the Night of the fourth day when
they finally picked up one Julie's trail
near a post station in a remote Mountain
City the post station had two stories
with a stable at the side when Len Wang
XI and Zhang Chung arrived they saw a
large figure charged into the building
and locked the door
some of them were wary of when Julia's
core melting hand so in the interest of
not alerting the enemy they leapt onto
the rooftop rather than enter through
the door forcing himself to endure the
overpowering hatred in his heart Zhang
Chung ground his teeth and peered
through a crack between the roof tiles
at the scene playing Out Below
a travel worn when julieu carried
someone in his arms as he trudged up to
the second floor
he said the person he carried beside the
table and dashed to the windows to draw
all the curtains sealing off the room
entirely only vid did he return to the
table and light the oil lamp
the faint light illuminated his face it
was still Juan and Grim but they were
now heavy dark circles under the eyes
the other person at the table was
tightly bundled in his cloak like a
fragile cocoon with even his face
concealed he cowered inside the fabric
trembling and gasping for breath don't
like the lamp he suddenly said what if
he discovers us
then Wang ji raised his head and
exchanged looks with Zhang Chung both
had the same curious expression that had
to be when chow but how had his voice
gotten like that it was so shrill and
small that it didn't sound like when
chow at all
when Julia Lord has had to rummage
around in his sleeves you think he won't
find us if we don't light the lamp we we
ran so far and for so long when chow pan
did he shouldn't be able to catch us
right
perhaps when Julio answered in an
indifferent tone
what do you mean perhaps when Xiao
exclaimed angrily if we haven't gotten
far enough away from him yet then why
didn't you keep running
you need to take your medicine or you'll
die when Julia replied
he lifted wenchow's cloak as he spoke
the pair on the rooftop were stunned at
the site that waited beneath
beneath the cloak was not when Chow's
arrogant domineering greasily handsome
face but a bald head swathed in bandages
when Julia peeled off the bandages layer
by layer until the bald man's skin was
exposed his face was marred by uneven
Burns and scars it looked like he'd been
cooked he was so hideous so ugly that
not a single hint remained of the man he
had once been
when when julieu took out a bottle of
medicine and fed him several pills then
he took out some Salve and applied it to
the burns on his head and face when Zhao
whimpered in pain
do not shed tears when Julia advised
tears will make the wounds faster and
the pain increase
when child had no choice but to hold
back his tears unable to even cry and
the tiny Flicker and file Fire Light the
bald burned man bared his teeth in a
Grimace making strange and distinct
sounds the lamp's flame wavered on the
edge of death struggling bright and
fading dim
it was a sight that was beyond
horrifying suddenly When Chow let out a
shriek flute a flute is at the sound of
a flute I heard him playing the flute
again
no when Julia reassured it's the sound
of the Wind
however when chow was already so scared
that he'd Fallen to the ground howling
when Julie you picked him up again it
appeared there was something wrong with
Wen chao's legs making him unable to
walk by himself
after applying the Salve when Julio
produced several steamed buns from his
robes and handed them to wen Chow eat
will continue on on our way once you are
done when chow held the bun with both
shuddering hands and took a bite the
side reminded Jang Chung of the day he
and Wei wishan had fled of the tragic
pipe they'd been in without a single
bite of food to share between them piss
was truly Karma
nah Karma got a name son
he's doing buoyant his lips curled into
a smile
and he laughed madly and silently
as wind Chow bit down a horrifying
expression twisted his face with a
shriek he hurled the steam bun away I
won't eat meat I won't eat it I'm not
eating it no meat
when Julia handed him another one
this one doesn't have meat I'm not
eating any more when child scream take
it away get lost I want to look for my
dad when can we get back to my dad's
place
at this speed two more days when Julia
replied he spoke honestly never
exaggerating or falsifying his words but
it was this honesty that put Wen Chao in
an even more extreme misery two days he
croaked in a horse voice two days look
at the state I'm in what will I look
like if I wait another two days you
useless thing
when Julio abruptly shot to his feet and
when chow flinched thinking he was about
to flee on his own all of a sudden he
knew fear one after another every single
one of his guards had come to a violent
end before his eyes when Julia was the
strongest of his Defenders and the last
one he could count on he hurriedly
changed his tune no no when July don't
go you can't abandon me as long as you
bring me back to my dad I'll get him to
promote you to the highest ranking guest
cultivator no I mean you saved me so
you're my target I'll have him
officially adopt you into the family
proper from now on you're my dog
when Julie you stared in the direction
of the stairs no need he said let among
ji and Zhang Chung also heard what he
did
the sound of footfalls echoed from the
post station stairwell one after another
someone was walking up the stairs one
step at a time
all the remaining blood in Wen Chen's
burned face instantly drained away
shaking he extended both hands from his
cloak to cover his face as if he was
scared enough to think he could protect
himself by being blind to what
approached
but his hands were stumps
not a single finger remains
bud
the newcomer slowly ascended the stairs
dressed entirely in Black he cut a
slender figure
there was a flute hanging at his waist
and he walked with his hands clasped
behind his back
on the roof Lan Wang ji and Zhang Chung
gripped the hilts of their swords the
person finished making his leisurely way
upstairs and turned to look at the
room's occupants with a smile
the moment Lan Wang ji laid eyes on the
guests bright handsome and familiar face
his eyes widened in disbelief
his lips quivered and he moused a couple
of words Zhang Chung almost sprang to
his feet right then and there
way wushin
but aside from the face nothing about
this person resembled the way we Shan
they once knew
was a bright and exuberant youth with a
hint of laughter Forever at the corners
of his eyes and his lips furthermore he
had never been one to walk so properly
this person was shrouded in Gloom and
biting cold he was handsome but ghastly
pale and his smile could only be
described as sinister
the scene unfolding Before Their Eyes
was too unexpected to process they could
not act rashly with the situation still
so unclear though shocked beyond belief
the pair on the roof did not rush in
recklessly but merely craned their necks
closer to the cracks between the tiles
inside the room the black clad way Wu
Shan slowly turned around with his face
covered when Chow's voice failed him and
he could only wheeze out a single phrase
when Julie when julieu
eyes crinkled and the corners of his
lips slowly curved up
even now you think calling him will be
of any use
as he took a few steps closer his foot
hit something white he looked down it
was the meat bun that when chow had
flung away earlier
way we Shan cork to brow what are you
getting picky now
When Chow collapsed to the floor from
the stool and let loose a piercing
Screech I'm not eating it I'm not eating
it
as he wailed and shrieked he crawled
along the floor with his fingerless
hands the black cloak slid down his
lower body as it dragged along the floor
revealing his legs which hung under him
like burning some decorations
they were fully wrapped in bandages and
looked abnormally thin
his violent movements tugged open the
gaps in the wrapping exposing the
ghastly White Bones hidden beneath
there were a few lingering goblets of
Flesh hanging off them fresh with bright
red blood
his legs had been stripped raw of their
flesh and considering the evidence at
hand that flesh had likely been forced
into wenchao's own mouth
holy [__] how is he not screaming in
agony 24 7 that must be some magic [__]
going on
when Chow's shrill screams echoed
through the empty post station well I'm
yeah way wushen gently lifted the Hem of
His robe and sat down at the other table
acting like he didn't hear a thing
the second oil lamp sputtered faintly to
life before the bright yellow flame half
of Wei Wu Shen's face lay in the light
while the other half remained in
darkness
an important image I feel
he lowered his hand and a deathly pale
face materialized from the darkness
under the table
crunch
they heard the sound of chewing
a small pale child crouched at his feet
going on something way wishen had tossed
him like a carnivorous little beast
we wishen reached out to give the pale
child two gentle pats on his sparsely
haired head
carrying the treat in his mouth the
ghostly child turned around and sat at
weibushan's feet he hugged way wishen's
calf chewing ferociously while glaring
at one Julia with Frosty glinting eyes
the ghostly child was gnawing on two
human fingers needless to say they must
have been when Chows
staring at the Sinister ghost child in
the equally Sinister weibusan Len
wangshi tightened his grip on beachan's
hilt
oh wow there was sword there was sword
gripping even in the book oh that makes
me happy
so happy I lose my place
as always when Julius stood before when
chow shielding him weibusan's head
drooped low making it impossible to read
his expression when Julio do you really
think that you can protect his shitty
life from me
I will die trying when Julia replied
sneered what a loyal wind dog
I owe a debt of gratitude for their
recognition when Julie stated it must
not go unrepaid
where was James tone and expression
turned abruptly sinister
what a joke he exclaimed sharply and why
must others pay the price for your debt
before he finished when Chow's shrill
piercing whales rang out from behind
when Julio When Chow had crawled to a
corner of the room and desperately
pushed himself against the wooden planks
as if he could squeeze himself through
the cracks by doing so
but all of a sudden a figure dropped
from the ceiling with a heavy thud it
was a ghostly pale woman with long hair
who had fallen on him the bluish tint of
her bloodless face her vibrant red robes
and jet black hair stood in glaring
terrifying contrast to one another
her fingers gripped the bandages on Wen
Chow's head and ripped them off hard
when Julia had only just changed when
Chow's bandages after using the South so
the South skin and bandages were still
damp and stuck together as she pulled
burned skin was fragile to begin with
the single forceful yank tore off the
still fresh scabs as well as the Thin
burned skin and flesh
even his lips were ripped away
in an instant he was marred
in an instant sorry his marred bald head
became a mangled bloody Dome
When Chow fainted on the spot that's
pretty much all you can do at that point
that's pretty much all the body will do
at that point
the moment when Julia heard his blood
curdling scream he immediately Whirled
around in an attempt to save him on the
roof Len Wang ji and Zhang Chung
tightened their grips on their swords
and prepared to attack however they
heard another shriek
the ghostly child that weirushan's feet
had pounced when Julius struck his palm
at the ghostly child's forehead but it
was assaulted by intense pain as the
ghostly child bared his sharp teeth and
bit down unable to shake him off when
Julio attempted to ignore the ghostly
child and move to save Wen Chao but the
child spat out a large the large chunk
of Flesh and had ripped from his palm
and continued to gnaw at the rest of his
hand
when Julia grabbed the ghostly child's
small ice cold head with his other hand
looking as if he planned to crush it the
pale-faced woman threw the bloody
bandages to the ground and falling to
all fours like an animal crawled to when
Julio in a Flash yeah that's some
that's some East Asian horror [__]
that's what that is
slash of her hands left him with ten
bloody gouges
the two nefarious creatures continued
their assault forcing one Julia to
Grapple with them as they bit and tore
at him incessantly he was completely
overwhelmed and his flailing rendered
him an extremely sorry sight turning his
head he saw way with Shan watching from
the sidelines with a sneer on his face
without warning when julieu pounced at
him Len Wang ji and Zhang Chung's faces
fell Len ranji smacked his palm down
tiles shattered and the roof collapsed
he dropped from the eaves into the
second story of the post station and
positioned himself between when julieu
and Wei Wu Shan
eat
mm-hmm
yeah when Julia was taken aback as a
long whip crackling with purple light
suddenly lashed through the air it
twisted around when Julia's neck winding
around at a full three times before
suspending him above the ground the whip
which sizzled with lightning dangled his
heavy body in the air swiftly followed
by the crunch of his neck snapping
at the same time way Wu Shan's pupils
shrank he pulled the flute from his
waist and Rose to his feet in a swirl of
robes the ghostly child and pale-faced
woman who had been tearing it when Julia
swiftly retreated to his side and stared
wearily at the two strange newcomers
when Julia wasn't dead just yet his face
bulged in reddened and his body spasmed
he struggled even now his eyes opened so
wide his eyeballs all but burst from
their sockets the ghostly child kept
burying his teeth at Lan Wang ji and
Zhang Chung in an open display of
animosity we wishen raised his hand
slightly and the bay and bathed the
ghostly child retract his fangs
his eyes darted back and forth between
Lan Wang ji and Zhang Chung none of them
seemed to want to be the first to speak
actually this
it's a good place to stop for our break
so we are towards the top of page 184
um right when they're about to start
talking to each other and um it's about
3 55. I will do my best to be back at
around 405 it might be like 4 10 because
my back is
tight today
um but I will do my best to be back as
soon as possible let me throw
the bookmark in there
holy [__] people said
um you know that uh
it was a lot worse
uh when Chow's ultimate fate was a lot
worse in the book obviously because you
can only depict so much on Chinese
television and Hell really you can only
depict so much on TV period
um
but uh still satisfying still
unbelievably satisfying I'm just so
satisfaction may be an understatement
this is this is always my jam this will
always be one of my favorite sequences
because it's just so
satisfying
but we will finally get into their
little mini reunion thing happening when
we get back so 355 should be out 10 15
minutes let me make sure that I have the
break screen up before I leave and ah
there it is
I will see you after the break
that was my own fault
that was my own fault I have to mute to
go on break and I did not unmute so
fortunately
it was just me being an idiot and not
actually any Tech difficulty thank God
there we are my fault I knew I was gonna
do that at some point
once I instituted breaks I knew there
was it's probably not going to be the
last time that I forget to turn on the
sound
while on break anyway since you heard
none of that
apologies for the extra five minutes uh
back issues if you have a good back that
you could send me that'd be great except
you don't because there's no such thing
as a good back because spines were a
mistake
anyway
we're at the top of 184.
and
what time is it for your team we should
get to the next
oh yeah
oh we're towards the end of a chapter
anyway well then all right
after a long moment Zhang Chung tossed
something over wait wishon raised his
hand and caught it without a second
thought
your sword Jing Chung said
weirushin's hand slowly dropped he
glanced down at swibian after a brief
pause he muttered Banks there was
another long silence
all of a sudden Jang Chung walked up to
him and smacked him you bastard where
have you been for the past three months
although the words were scolding his
tone revealed his wild Delight
while langwashi did not go to him his
eyes remained locked on the way we Shan
not once did he look away
that's like for several reasons at the
moment
he's um
he's kind of got a lot Wang XI has a lot
going on right now half of it's gay half
of it's worried because the focus of his
gay is now up to some
admittedly dark [__]
so uh Wang ji wangji got a lot going on
in his poor homosexual mind right now
the smack from Jang Chung completely
dazed way wishen a second later he
slapped him back not it's a long story a
long story
the two smacks seems seem to dissipate
most of the cold gloomy Aura surrounding
him despite his Joy Jing Chung was angry
too he hugged way with Shan hard then
shoved him away and began to yell at him
if that doesn't summarize their entire
damn relationship
a crappy town at the foot of the
mountain I waited for five or six days
but I didn't catch a single glimpse of
you even if you want to die at least die
in front of me you know how insanely
busy I've been in the past three months
wait we shouldn't Swept Away the Hem of
His robe and settle down again at the
table like I said it's a long story he
waved dismissively a bunch of wind dogs
were moving Earth and Heaven to find me
at the time they were waiting for me at
the Village they caught me then threw me
into a hell hole to suffer
as he spoke the pale-faced woman crawled
toward him on her hands and knees her
expression had been hideously Savage
while she fought but was now
bewitchingly Charming like a favored
concubine ingratiating herself with her
master she giggled and kneeled by
waywish inside with her blue face priced
again pressed against his thigh
and reclined against the edge of the
table his right hand stroking her long
soft hair over and over lenwangji's face
group progressively Grimmer as he
watched Wei Wu Shan's actions once again
for several reasons
although the scene made Zhang Chung a
little uncomfortable his surprise
overtook his discomfort what hellhole I
interrogated the people in town and they
all said they'd never seen you before
you questioned the people in that town
Wayward Shan laughed they're all naive
rural villagers scared of inviting
trouble why would they dare tell you the
truth besides the wind dogs must have
done something to seal their mouths of
course they'd of course they'd say typo
of course they'd say they never saw me
those old fools change cursed he then
probed further what hell hole chishan
nightless City how did you escape then
and turn into this what are what are
those two things do you think they
actually obey you Leonard gongji and I
took on this mission to launch a night
raid to kill Wen Chao and win Julio but
someone beat us to it I never expected
it to be you were you also the one who
altered those talismans
from the corner of his eye with Shan
caught a glimpse of Lan Wang ji who had
been watching them speak he smiled
more or less would you believe me if I
said I found a mysterious cave somewhere
packed full of mysterious Scrolls left
behind
by a mysterious master and then emerged
like this and went on a killing spree
Jameson clicked his tongue wake up
you've read too many fantasies The World
Isn't packed with secret Masters and
secret caves with secret Scrolls
see you don't believe me even when I
tell you I'll explain my situation in
detail later when we have time
Jameson glanced at Lan Wang ji guessing
that it was likely something not
appropriate to be discussed in the
presence of an outsider
curbing his Delight he finally said all
right we'll talk later it's good to have
you back hmm good to be back wait we
shank concurred
Jing Chung mumbled good to have you back
a few more times to himself then smacked
away with Shan hard again you really are
to think of you could escape death even
after the when dogs caught you
of course wait with Shan replied smugly
who do you think I am
James Young couldn't help but curse the
hell are you so smug for if you weren't
dead why didn't you come back earlier
I just got out didn't I wait we
shouldn't explained I heard that you and
shiju were doing well and that you were
rebuilding the Jang Clan and forming an
alliance to participate in the fight and
so I went to kill some wind dogs to
lighten your load and contribute a
little you've worked hard the past three
months
the last sentence made Jang Chung recall
those three arduous months made him
recall the way he'd been constantly on
the Move busy all day and all night he
seemed to get a bit emotional but
immediately schooled his expression
put that lousy sword of yours away
properly he snapped I've been waiting
for you to get back and take it off my
hands I don't want to haul two swords
around all the time and constantly be
bombarded with nosy questions
suddenly called
you've been standing quietly at the side
all this time at the sudden call away
with Shannon Zhang Chung both turned to
him it was only then that way wushan
seemed to remember to greet him he
dipped his head and did so hang on June
were you the one who has been killing
one sec disciples when Wang ji asked of
course weirushen replied
I knew it Zhang Chung said why did you
kill them one at a time that's so much
work
it's fun touring with them until they
die way we shouldn't explained
Exterminating them right away is letting
them off too easily kill them one at a
time one slow slice after another force
them all to watch it happen needless to
say I haven't tortured When Chow enough
yet as for when Julio he owed when Rohan
the dead of kindness for his recognition
so much so that he changed his surname
to join the one clan and carried out
when rohan's orders to protect his
precious little son
sneered since he wants to protect him I
want to make him watch all the more give
him a front row seat to watch one child
deteriorate beyond recognition in his
hands little by little until he becomes
neither human nor ghost
his smile was Sinister cruel and
cheerful in equal measure land Wang ji
took every bit of the expression in he
took a step forward
what method did you employ to manipulate
these nefarious creatures
the curve of weirushan's lips fell
sharply he looked to sconce at lanwangji
Jang Chung could hear The Descent in his
tone
Leonard gongji what are you implying and
then when she stared fixedly at weiwu
Shan answer me
the ghostly child and pale-faced woman
became Restless weibusan swept a glance
at them and they reluctantly backed off
and slunk into the darkness only then
did waywashan turn back to lanwangji his
brows raised
if I may ask what happens if I don't
answer
you abruptly grabbed at him the way we
Shane evaded him and took three steps
back Legend we've been reunited after so
long and you try and you're already
trying to arrest me that's not nice is
it
when she moved with his hands not his ma
not his mouth and where was she and
parried every blow he threw at him
they were both quick and agile after the
third time pushing his hand away with
Shan rebuked him harshly here I thought
we could at least be considered
acquaintances isn't it a tad heartless
of you to attack me over a simple
disagreement answer me land Wings
landmunji repeated
Jang Chang stood between the two of them
to intervene Leonard gongji Leonard
gongji Wei bushan said what you're
asking is really hard to explain in a
short time and it's a strange question
too suppose I asked you about the secret
techniques of the land clan of gusu
would you answer me
when she push past chang chung and made
a grab for way with Shan again way
wishen raised his flute to block him
going a bit too far there aren't we why
so uncompromising lenjen what exactly do
you want
said enunciating each word as clearly as
he could
return to gusu with me
both way wushan and Jang Chung were
taken aback
after a moment said with the laugh
return to gusu with you to the cloud
recesses whatever four it immediately
dawned on him oh right I forgot your
uncle Lancia and absolutely hates
unorthodox Heretics like me you're his
favorite pupil so of course you're the
same well no thanks
stared warily at Lan Wang ji Leonard
gongxi everyone knows the ways of the
land Clan however way wishen saved you
in the Schwann room of Slaughter's cave
at Mount Mushi he's been through
adversity with you isn't it a tad
unreasonable of you to mercilessly
condemn him right now
way we should have looked at him not bad
huh you've got the air of a family head
you shut up Jason said
condemnation is not my intent land
wangshi stated
then why do you want him to return to
gusu with you Jang chin question Leonard
Garcia does the link clean up Sue
intended system it's archaic doctrines
right here and right now rather than
working with everyone to kill the wind
dogs
one against two Len Wang ji nevertheless
stood his ground and gazed at Wei Wu
Shan
weighing you will eventually have to pay
the price for cultivating along a
deviant path there have been no
exceptions to this rule throughout
history
I can afford it weirushan replied
seeing his nonchalance Latin monji said
Darkly that path endures the body and
more so one's nature
I know best whether or not it harms my
body and by how much weibusan declared
and as for my nature I'm the master of
my own heart I know what I'm doing
some things are simply beyond your
control Len Wang ji persisted a hint of
displeasure flashed across waywashan's
face of course I can control it
Lan Wang XI took a step closer and was
about to speak again but way wishan
narrowed his eyes what do others know of
my nature and how is that anyone else's
business
was stunned for a moment then exclaimed
angrily Wei Wu Shen
was angry as well must you come at me
like this right now you want me to go to
the cloud recess as a beacon find by the
land Clan as punishment who do you think
you are who do you think the land Clan
is do you really think I won't fight
back
an era of hostility had erupted between
the two Len Wang XI gripped to be trans
health so hard his knuckles had turned
white
Leonard gong XI Jang Chung said isily
the winds have not been eradicated yet
we're at a point where we urgently need
extra forces everyone already has their
hands full so why reach your hand into
the Affairs of others Wei wishan is on
our side are you trying to punish our
own people I am so with Jang Chung about
this
like listen when you've got the when
Clan literally like on the war path
wiping out people left and right and
you're trying to mount basically a
revolution against them to try to wipe
out that kind of psychotic [__] evil
we can worry about stuff like this later
you know what I mean bigger like the
house is on fire and you're bickering
about like which position the table
chairs are at around the table in the
living you know what I mean you know
what I mean bigger problems bigger
problems
the way we shouldn't regained his
composure that's right as long as the
wind dogs are killed what do you care
about how I kill them
ever since they were children
they would chime in with whatever the
other was saying and here they were
again flawlessly filling in for each
other that hurts
thanks a lot God
brother feelings clear out of goddamn
nowhere
pardon my bluntness but even if we were
to pursue the matter weiwishan isn't a
member of your clan it's not like the
it's not the land Clan's place to punish
him jingxing added of all the people he
might go back with it won't be with you
at this Landmark G's expression froze he
glanced up at Wei Wu Shan his throat
trembling as he swallowed I
before he could reply when chow let
loose a feeble scream from the corner
way with Shannon Zhang's attention
immediately shifted they simultaneously
stepped around land Wang XI and came to
stand before when Julio and Wen Chao
when Julia was still suspended in the
air by zidion and struggling in
miserable Agony while when chow more
dead than alive slowly opened his eyes
to see the two faces looking down on him
from above
the two faces were both similarly young
and similarly familiar both had once
shown him expressions of Despair anguish
or deep-seated hatred and now they
looked commandingly down at him with
similarly cold glinting eyes bearing
similarly ominous sneers
when Chao stopped trying to scream or
Escape he dumbly held up his fingerless
hand hands and began to drool Wei wishan
kicked him into kneeling in the
direction of yanmung he ex his exposed
Flesh and Bones chafed against one
another causing one Chow to emit shrill
shrieks of pain that sounded
particularly jarring in the empty post
station
why is his voice so shrill Jang Chung
asked he's
body part way with Shan answered of
course it's shrill
you cut it off
Jing Chang wondered in revulsion
oh we got some glorious art here in a
second
it's a bit gross that you assumed that
way with Shan commented of course I
didn't that woman of his bit it off when
she went mad
Len Wang XI was still standing behind
them watching wait ushan suddenly
remembered his presence and turned
around with a smile
the following scene may not be suitable
for Leonard gongji's eyes won't you
please step away for a moment
although he said please his tone Brooks
no argument
Zhang Chung agreed with polite and
professional Detachment indeed Leonardi
when chow and when Julio had fallen into
our hands the mission is accomplished
it's time we part ways what comes next
is a family matter it's best if you head
back
Len Wang ji's gaze was still locked on
Wei Wu Shan but weibusan's attention has
been captured by his enemies who were
now at death's door he stared at Wen
Chao and when Julia was gleaming eyes
and his smile was both cruel and excited
Zhang Chung wore the same expression
they had lost themselves in the
overwhelming pleasure of Revenge and
neither was in the mood to placate an
outsider after a while land Wang she
turned around and headed downstairs he
stepped out of the post station and kept
watch by the entrance for a long time
but he never left
sometime later a long shrill howl
pierced the Silent Night
Lan Wang XI looked up his white robe and
forehead ribbon flapped in The Frigid
wind the Black Knight had passed and the
Sun in the sky was about to rise and the
sun on Earth was about to set
oh gorgeous art gorgeous art hang on
dark blue Shan yes please
look at the beauty look at the hello
look at the beauty look at it
I mean a glow up you know Focus there we
go glow up
holy [__]
chapter 14 is just called Soft
apparently
I'm okay with this
wait
are we back in the present
we are over halfway through the we are
definitely over halfway through the book
are we finally back at the freaking
present present as in like the gay
present hello
yeah I think we are chapter 14 part one
and it's called Soft I'm
I'm gonna be reading at this pitch no
I'm not give me a second hang on
oh
we are back in the present
okay all right okay all right
okay
man gen way we Shan murmured
he reached out and grabbed one of
lanjen's sleeves Lan Wang ji who had
been keeping watch by his side
immediately leaned over to answer Him
Softly I am here
away with Shen was not quite awake his
eyes were tightly shut but his grip on
land Wang XI did not loosen
you seem to be dreaming and mumbling in
his sleep
don't don't be mad
landmarks you was slightly taken aback
in a gentle voice he replied I am not
oh Wayward murmured he seemed to be
reassured by hearing that and released
his grip
Len Wang ji sat down by way we Shan's
side when weirushan had stilled once
more he made to get up but was stopped
by way wushan grabbing hold of him again
maybe Shen clung to his arm and pleaded
urgently I'll return with you hurry up
and take me back home with you
Lin Wang xi's eyes widened
weirushan seemed to have woken himself
up with that Shout
his long lashes fluttered and he slowly
opened his eyes oh my God no sorry
that's too painful
hurry up he's got to be yeah because he
had to have been dreaming about the
previous scene right
that's what it's heavily implying
and about how now he wished he had gone
back with him
this was supposed to be the start of the
gay [__] not the sad [__] anyway
his long lashes fluttered and he slowly
opened his eyes
the day's confusion in his eyes
gradually cleared and he suddenly
realized he was clinging to land wangji
with both arms like he were a Lifeline
or Driftwood in water
he immediately withdrew his hands and
made to roll away but the exaggerated
movement aggravated the wound on his
abdomen he muttered an ouch and wrinkled
his brow only now remembering that he
was still wounded his vision flared with
Sparks from the pain and faces flashed
before his eyes jinling
Madame you
Len Wang XI held him down to steady him
your stomach wound
wound I'm fine it doesn't hurt
Lin Wang ji firmly held him down and
loosened his robes
his abdomen had been properly bandaged
but Lan Wang XI unraveled them to check
the injuries beneath surprisingly enough
the wound had already healed when Len
Margie checked his leg the curse mark
there had vanished as well
how long have I been out way wushan
asked Len Wang XI released him only
after confirming that his wound was
indeed fine
four days
jinling's aim had been unerring
and the wound hadn't been shallow either
that the injury had healed without
leaving the slightest scar was all
thanks to the top grade medicinal pills
of the land Clan
where was Shane gave us thanks and
followed up with a self-deprecating jibe
I might have been reborn but this new
body is so fragile one little stab and
I'm laid low
anyone would be laid low if they were
run through by a sword Lan Wang Chi
replied evenly
wait wishing stated and I've been in my
old body even if half my intestines were
hanging out I'd be able to stuff them
back in and continue brawling for
another 300 rounds
seeing him spouting such nonsense so
soon after waking Len Wang ji shook his
head he turned away and assuming he was
going to leave weiu Shen quickly called
for him lunch on Linden don't go I was
babbling nonsense and my bad don't
ignore me
thank you
you're afraid of being ignored yes yes
it's been a long time since he last
experienced someone watching over him as
he slept off an injury
then when she wore two swords at his
waist he removed swubian and handed it
to him your sword
maybe Shan was briefly taken aback at
the side of the sword after a pause he
said thank you
he grasped the hilt and slowly Drew The
Shining blade which reflected a pair of
eyes
maybe we shouldn't stared at the pair of
eyes for a moment that then started
inserted subion back into a sheath did
it really seal itself off
then monji also grabbed the hill to
Sweden and pulled but it didn't budge in
the slightest we wish inside and patted
the sword I knew it
jingling yeah wouldn't dare make
something like that up without thinking
it through I can't believe it really
sealed itself off I just had to be the
one to experienced this kind of one in a
million event which is great this is
conclusive evidence whoever pulls out
the sword must be waywoo Shan period I
couldn't deny it even if I wanted to
he looked around they were in a simple
tidy room that only buy a single paper
lantern in a corner where is this
weibushan asked the cloud recesses
lanwangji replied you took me back to
the cloud recesses what if your brother
finds out okay you're [__] kidding
we're going from the flashback flashback
you know what I mean
we're going from the flashback in which
one she was like come to goosu with me
come to the cloud recesses and mushen
was like no and there was a lot of
regret flying around about that decision
and then we're cutting to the present in
which now Wang XI has finally been able
to get Busan to return with him really
I'm I'm really starting to see
the benefit of the way mxtx arranged
this timeline
and I am deeply [__] moved and
offended
I don't like her
where the hell did I leave off
ah what if your brother finds out
I already have oh excuse me excuse hang
on hang on a man dressed in white and
wearing a forehead ribbon walked out
from behind the screen his face was like
a beautiful Jade and his expression was
solemn
we wishen had yet to be arrested by the
Gin clan of landling despite spending
four days recuperating in the cloud
recesses so it could be reasonably
assumed Lan Chichen didn't pose a threat
also land Wang Zhu was by his side so
way wushan wasn't wary
he suddenly recalled an important matter
where is true functions
body
the sex all saw dagee's body with their
own eyes Lan Chu Chen said at present it
is in hwa songs custody
I have also said people I can trust to
look after it
that's literally my cat yawning in his
[__] sleep hello hi
did I wake you
hello wow go back to sleep
you are your eyes are closed lay your
head down
go back to sleep
I interrupted a dream or something
where in the heck was I
ah way Roshan felt slightly reassured
and jinguongya's reaction Flawless land
Wang ji confirmed way we Shan had no
that Jin guanya would put on a perfect
ACT it wasn't worth worrying about as
long as there was no way he could
destroy the body to get rid of the
evidence
he said he will get to the bottom of the
matter and that he will provide us all
with an explanation then Chichen stated
slowly and since the way gongxi has now
come around Wang ji should you not
provide me with an explanation as well
Landmark she Rose to his feet
Chang heaved a long sigh
Huang Xi what am I to do with you
xiangjang Lan Wang ji said it is a fact
that she Fang June's head is in Jang
Guang Yao's possession
you personally saw it then chuchen asked
he did
you believe him why don't you Chen asked
I do
answered without the slightest hint of
hesitation weibusan felt warmth bloom in
his heart
yes
this is [__] I signed up for
then Lancey Chen asked what about
jingling he is untrustworthy then when
she stated lanci Chen chuckled and how
do you judge a person to be trustworthy
Wang Chi he looked away we Shan you
trust wagonsi but I trust jinguang Yao
neither of us personally witnessed
whether dage's head is in his possession
we rely entirely on our own
understanding of another our own trust
and their words you think you understand
weirushan and that is why you trust him
I also think I understand jingling yeah
and therefore trust him you trust your
own judgment why can I not trust my own
judgment too
my poor husband God
way with Shan worried that the two
brothers would quarrel because of this
quickly interjected SEC leader LAN
it wasn't that he couldn't understand
Lansing Lan chichen's feelings he had
seen jinguang Yao and ningming zhu's
perspective and witnessed all his
treachery cunning and ambition but if
jinguang Yao had worn a mask in front of
lansuchen for all these years then there
was no reason for lanshichen to distrust
his own sworn brother in favor of
someone who was Notorious for bloody
Deeds
there's no need for you to worry
I will not be partial to any one side
until the truth is uncovered nor will I
reveal your whereabouts otherwise I
would not have allowed wangshi to bring
you to my wintry room or help treat your
injuries
many thanks to secular land for giving
me a chance said and two things in his
head is in jingling's secret chamber
that's the honest truth not only did I
see the head but I was also assaulted by
its Aura of resentment and saw some
other stuff in the process I wonder if
any of that could be considered proof
with composure Lan Chichen said Wei
gangshi perhaps you did indeed see some
things but you cannot prove that you saw
them in the secret chamber of golden
carp Tower
that's true grunted then let me say
something else
students direct cause of death certainly
was Qi deviation but SEC leaderland
don't you think that timing was too
great a coincidence
the saber spirit's influence is one
thing but did you even consider that
there could be other causes behind it
and what might those causes be do you
think when Chichen asked a spiritual
song of purification said
are you aware that I personally taught
you and going now how to play that song
of purification
in that case I'd like to ask sec
leaderland to listen and see if there's
anything off about this melody
his flute was right there at the end of
the bed so way wishan picked it up he
lowered his head and thought for a
moment before he began to play once the
song was over he asked Tech leader land
is this really the song you taught
jingling
it is lanci Chen confirmed way wishen
was a little surprised but he kept us
cool what's it called
this piece is called cleansing lanci
Chen answered it can purify the heart
and calm the mind
cleansing weibusan echoed I've listened
to plenty of famous songs from around
the cultivation world so why have I
never learned this name or its Melody
before
the piece is obscure Lang Wang ji said
and difficult to learn
precisely land XI Jen agreed the
jingling app specifically asked to learn
this piece wait wishon asked correct
lanci Chen confirmed
is it really that hard to learn way
rushan wondered then what why did Jin
going out pick it and not something
easier
because I told him that even though
cleansing is hard to learn it is of the
utmost Effectiveness lanji Chen
explained and yes the piece is indeed
tricky
did way gungji not just play one of the
sections incorrectly
something clicked in Wei wishen's mind
when he heard this I played it wrong
there was a section in the middle that
was incorrect land Wang ji confirmed
wait we shouldn't last no it wasn't me
it was wrong it was jingling yeah that
was definitely what he played during the
assault of resentful energy I guarantee
you that I replayed that version without
a single mistake
Nancy Chen was astonished then he was
the one who learned it wrong that's
impossible
that's true indeed way wishan said land
function is awfully smart and has an
excellent memory how could he have
misremembered the melody I'm afraid it's
most likely intentional I'll play it
again SEC leaderland hang on June this
time please listen carefully to the
incorrect bit
he played the song again when he neared
the end of the second section Len rang
XI said stop
it is the section you just played lanchi
Chen said maybe Shan withdrew the flute
from his lips really it doesn't sound
out of place to me it certainly is not
discordant Lance agreed but it does not
form part of cleansing
if it had been an ordinary mistake it
would not have Blended so seamlessly
with the rest of the original Melody
like milk and water this particular
revision must have been deliberately
polished before its inclusion and the
unfamiliar Melody that had crept its way
into cleansing was very possibly the key
to neeming zhu's death
when she Chen thought for a moment then
said both of you come with me as they
stepped out of the house weibusan was
slightly taken aback it was a small
unsecluded cottage located in some
hidden corner of the cloud recesses the
land Clan's residence was situated deep
in the mountains and its territory was
capped by towering pine trees most of
the scenery consisted of lush trees and
a and eupatorium grass
there were some flowers but they were
all simple elegant varieties such as
Magnolias gardenias and white
chrysanthemums and even then they were
rare and fleeting sites serving mainly
as occasional ornaments
but the area around this Cottage was
abundant with purple
gentians
the words broken in half because of the
orientation
so it looks even weirder gentians
the flowers were dainty and delicate and
their color was Vivid and captivating
capable of ensnaring the hearts of all
who wandered there they seemed to emit a
faint glow under the night's dark sky
the site was beautiful like a dream an
illusion
felt there must be something special
about this place but he was only able to
take a quick glance not examine it in
detail
High Time had already passed and most of
the cloud recesses had retired for the
night it was incomparably still in
silent and as Lan Chi Chen LED them to
the library Pavilion they did not
encounter a single soul
the cloud recesses had once been burnt
to the ground while this Library
Pavilion was no longer than one of the
past its layout was no different from
the original after its reconstruction
even the magnolia tree outside the
Pavilion had been planted anew
Cloud recess emotions hang on hang on
all right
the three entered the Pavilion and
weirushan voiced his doubt SEC leader
land can we find the source of that
Melody here not here lashing Chad said
he walked to a particular row of
bookshelves and crouched down to lift a
mat that covered a wooden panel but here
yes
a secret door laid beneath the wooden
panel the room of forbidden books land
Wang ji explained under the Secret Door
was a dark staircase that went on for
more than 50 steps the three descended
the dark steps and a dry spacious
underground Stone chamber materialized
before wabushan's eyes the sand of their
footsteps resonated hollowly rows and
rows of bookshelves towered in the room
with forbidden books sorted Dusty books
lay sparsely on the shelves it was clear
no one had flipped through them for many
years
then she chin brought them to a
particular shelf all the books in this
section are records of unusual musical
scores
there was a single desk in the room of
forbidden books which had only one paper
lamp on it then Wang she took the papers
and brushes that had been untouched for
many years from the shelf and made three
copies of the score for the altered
section of cleansing from memory
the three of them sat around the desk
and divided the work with each
responsible for a few dozen books book
after book page after page that compared
The Melodies listed in the Forbidden
books to the transcribed section looking
for anything that matched after four
hours the three had still not found
anything that matched that section of
the song in other words they were
unsuccessful in finding its source as
way wishen quickly scanned the scores he
thought don't tell me there's no record
of this song even in the music music
section of the land even in the music
section of the land Library pavilion's
room of forbidden books that can't be if
even the land Clan doesn't have it in
their collection it's impossible anyone
else would have it jingling couldn't
have composed his own magical Melody
could he it'll be a pain if that's the
case unless we can find someone to test
it by listening to it for months
straight we won't be able to prove
there's anything fishy about it but
although he's clever he was never
trained in this kind of thing he can't
have been clever enough to compose his
own after having stared at tiny tightly
packed words for so long way ushan's
Vision was getting a little blurry he
had several books still left in his
stack
so he planned on coming back to them
after he took a short break Len wangji
had already finished reviewing his own
pile he quietly took the books that way
we Shan had set aside and lowered his
head as he continued to flip through
them
then she Chen witnessed this scene when
he glanced up he seemed to want to say
something but ultimately held himself
back just then Len Wang ji said this one
he passed over the book he held weibusan
promptly perked up he eagerly looked
over the two pages and Len Wang she had
presented to him comparing it to the
fragmentary score in his hands it's not
the same at all
lead monkey moved to sit down beside him
and point out the detail he'd spotted
consider these pages in sequence
with their heads so close together land
Wang Chi's voice was right next to his
ear low and magnetic Wei Wu Shan's hand
trembled slightly and the book nearly
slipped from his grip with some
difficulty he collected himself and
forced himself to tear his eyes away
from Lan Wang ji's long Fair slender
figures
fingers fingers sorry I I I've been
um rendered Brainless by the end of that
Passage
foreign
you know she makes you wait for it
but when she gives it to you
he carefully compared the pages before
him
oh the front and back at first glance
there didn't seem to be anything strange
about the pages but if those familiar
with music were to pay close attention
they would notice that the tune on one
page did not connect to the tune on the
next
maybe Shane took out his flute and
followed along with the score sure
enough the two Melodies were
disconnected the half score on the
previous page did not belong to the same
piece as the half score on the next
there should have been another page
between these two someone had very
carefully torn it out without leaving
any traces behind
the removal woo the removal had been
extremely meticulous not a single shred
of the page remained making it difficult
to notice weyushan flipped the book over
to see its title four words marked the
book's dark blue cover
he read the title aloud collection of
spirit turmoil what is this book the
pieces in here sound a little weird a
collection of secret songs from dong
Ying Lan Wang ji explained from dong
Ying Wei wishan echoed no wonder they
don't sound like anything from over here
Len Chichen wore a complicated
expression it has been said that the
collection of spirit turmoil was
compiled by a disciple of the land clan
of gusu during his years spent wandering
dong Ying after drifting there by boat
it is a collection of wicked songs if
one were to infuse spiritual energy into
any of the pieces in this book while
playing them the songs could be used to
do harm to others one could make them
waste away drive them to harassable
moods agitate their vital energy lose
their five senses those possessing great
spiritual power could even end a
person's life within seven notes we wish
and smack the desk this is it in this
moment of Joy the blowhome was knocked
over the paper lantern on the desk a key
night Lan Wang ji definitely caught it
in time
SEC leader Lan is there a song in the
collection of spirit tour moral that can
disturb someone's mind
agitate their primordial Spirit unsettle
their vital energy and make them easily
prone to anger weibushan asked
there should be lanci Chen granted
jinguang you have spiritual power isn't
high enough to take someone's life
within seven notes and that method is
far too conspicuous anyway he wouldn't
choose a song that kills directly
weirushan worked out his thoughts aloud
but if he spent but if you spent three
straight months playing spiritual
purification music under the pretext of
helping chiefenjun calm his mind that is
it possible for such a song to act as a
catalyst for Chi Feng jun's eventual
Outburst like a slow acting poison
yes Lance answered
then way bushan continued my deduction
makes sense the section that didn't
belong to Cleansing came from the Lost
page of the collection of spirit turmoil
all the wicked songs of dong Ying
documented in the collection of spirit
turmoil are complicated and hard to
learn he didn't have time to copy it out
in the room of forbidden books so he had
no other option but to tear no that's
not right Jing Guang Yao can memorize
something within with a single glance he
tore the page out not because he wanted
he wouldn't be able to recall it but
because he didn't want to leave proof
behind to ensure that if his scheme was
unraveled one day or if he was caught
red-handed there would be no way to
determine the song's origin
everything he's ever done he's done with
Extreme Caution he played the real
version of cleansing when you were
present jifang Jun wasn't a man who was
interested in artistic Pursuits but he
had a basic impression of the Melody
from hearing SEC leader land play it
because of that Jing Guang Yao didn't
dare play The Wicked song outright
instead he went to significant trouble
to fuse two Tunes with very different
styles and completely opposite effects
to think he could knit them into a
seamless hole his musical Talent is
outstanding my guess is that he infused
very little spiritual energy when
playing cleansing but went all out when
he got to the bit from the collection of
spirit turmoil
shifeng Jun wasn't familiar with this
cultivation technique he would never
have been able he would never have been
able to tell that cleansing had been
altered by jinguang Yao into a deadly
the translators had fun with this one
deadly diabolical Diddy
after a long stretch of Silence
my poor man lanci Chen said quietly
although he frequents the cloud recesses
I have never told him of the library
pavilion's room of forbidden books
SEC leader Lan way Buchan said excuse me
for being blunt but lift engine
that's not how you pronounce that
my mouth doesn't want to do it right now
was an undercover agent in the when clan
of chishan's nightless City during the
sunshot campaign and an exceptional one
at that he was able to find when rohan's
secret chamber and sneak into it
unnoticed to memorize all the maps and
Records there then transcribe the
information from memory to send back to
cold and carp Tower to him the land
Library pavilion's room of forbidden
books really is nothing
chance stared at the fragmented melody
in his hand for a moment and said
I
will think of a way to test this
when Dage passed away the siege of the
burial mounds had already concluded and
way gungju was no longer with us Nancy
Jen said if the tests prove your
deductions to be true and not a
fabrication if they prove this
fragmented score is capable of
disturbing the mind I
said testing a wicked song on a living
person probably goes against the land
Clan's precepts
I will test it on myself when she
translated as the head of the land clan
of gusu to say something so Preposterous
made it obvious his mind was in turmoil
then when she erased his voice slightly
xiangjang
pressed his hand to his forehead Wang ji
he said quietly sounding pained the
jinguang Yao I know is a completely
different person from the jinguang Yao
the two of you know and the Jing Guang
Yao the rest of the world knows all
these years he has always
suffered in silence to do his duty he
cares about all living things he is
respectful of his superiors and
compassionate to his subordinates I have
always firmly believed that the world's
denunciation of him is born from
misunderstanding and that the person I
know is the real him you want me to
believe that everything this man has
shown me has been a lie that he plotted
to kill one of his own sworn brothers
and that I was upon in his scheme who
even lent him a helping hand would you
please allow me the chance to exercise
some Prudence before passing judgment
the parallels between and them oh
why that oh I hate her
Lan chi-chan had been mindful of the bad
bad blood between neeming Zhu and Jin
going Yao wanting them to bury the
hatchet and reconcile that was why he
had taught you and going out
purification music and asked him to call
him ningmingju's heart and mind on his
behalf
possibly if predicted that his good
intentions would play into Jin guanyao
schemes how is he to live with himself
the three did not speak again it was
only after they left the library
Pavilion that land Wang ji broke the
silence
I will go see shufu
Lan Chu Chen had been quiet but replied
to this I will take weigongji back you
may join us later
he led away with Shannon along the cloud
recess's White Stone paths back to the
small remote gentian surrounded Cottage
deep in the recesses of the clouds
know that hang on June is
the way we shouldn't asked when they
reached the door shufu has only just
awoken then she chin replied I
instructed everyone not to tell him too
much
if when she ran found out what he and
Len Wang XI had done at Golden carp
Tower he'd truly be rented comatose with
Fury once more after only just waking
it's been tough one oh no don't do this
to me
it's been tough on
London
hey
that didn't entirely suck
wait wishan said it has been indeed
tough on Shifu Nancy Chen agreed out of
the blue he asked wagonchi do you know
what this house is why did zojin think
I'd know where we should ask curiously
when she chin glanced at him this was
once my mother's residence and the cloud
recesses we don't have time
ah we have to end there we have to get
into the back story about them on
Thursday [__] I just realized what time
it was
oh we went over
um
oh no okay so we're at the top of 210.
damn it damn it damn it damn it
we are at the top of 210. we're in
chapter 14.
but Thursday Thursday Gonna Be Good
Thursday gonna be some some stuff
happening
yes
I hate that we have to leave it there
though that sucks
but it's like past time I have to go
actually uh thank you very much for
tuning in I hope you had fun because I
always do
um please if you want to leave what you
were doing now in the comments either in
the chat or in the actual comments on
this video once it posts which it will
once the live stream ends let me know
what you are up to if you were drawing
and doing homework any kind of project
or what have you or maybe you just laid
down and chilled and listened to me be
ridiculous I don't know uh let me know I
love hearing about what people get up to
and um I will see you guys on Thursday
at the same time we're getting into it
now
we're excited I'll see you guys on
Thursday thank you so so much I'm gonna
go back and read the chat for the stream
now and um I will see you then please
remember to take care of yourselves and
we will get back into this on Thursday
bye guys